dx: add -protected-branch to pr-auditor (#34975)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: dev/pr-auditor/README.md

This action is primarily designed to run on GitHub Actions, and leverages the [pull request event payloads](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows#pull_request) extensively.

> The `-protected-branch` optional flag enables to open exceptions regardless of the outcome, when a given branch should never be the target of a pull request.

Reviewer: Why is this needed? Shouldn't this be enforced via branch protections?

Author: There are valid cases where one may need to deploy something immediately instead of having to wait for the delay in between prod and preprod: i.e fixing an incident. 

It would put a strong requirement on managing the admin permissions on that repo to select who can do that. This achieves the same thing with more flexibility. 

Does this makes sense for you?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `-protected-branch` flag defines a base branch that always opens a PR audit issue to track all pull requests made to it.
```

Author: Ah right! I understand your confusion now 😊
